[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure
that the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER]
You want my treasure?
You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR] Now, those who dare
to dream hoist their flags
and sail into the
Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters
and learn all the secrets
they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] Two years have passed
since the War of the Best
in Marineford.
Luffy and his crew reunite to
continue on to the New World.
The first stop on their journey
is Fishman Island,
which resides thousands
of feet below sea level.
Now, they're separated
once again,
stirring up trouble all
over the ocean floor.
[HORDY] And now we
will restore his dream.
The New Fishman Pirates
continue his legacy!
Shark Grip!
[PAPPAGU]
Okay, I am so not into this!
I'll check you all later!
Camie. I need a favor from you.
[CAMIE]
Huh?
C'mon, Zoro! Let's move!
Listen up.
Do me a favor and help
those two get out of here.
[NEPTUNE]
And what about you?
[ZORO] We're not gonna
make it out of here.
Not if that guy's chasing us.
This is a revolution,
and you're in the way.
Um... I, uh...
Well, um... Y'see...
Uh, good job, you found me!
She's huge! Oh, no. Is she...
Ah, jeez.
[FISHMEN] The Pirates!
They kidnapped the princess!
No, it's nothing!
No matter what you hear,
please don't turn around!
Huh? Why?
What's the big deal?
Don't do it!
I don't want you to die, Sanji!
[LUFFY]
"Keep Shirahoshi Safe!
Decken Close Behind!"
[DECKEN] Ba ho ho ho! Ba ho ho
ho! Ba ho ho ho!
I'm coming, my love!
Wherever you are, I'll find you!
It's either death
or marriage for you!
[DECKEN] Ba ho ho ho!
Ba ho ho ho! Ba ho ho ho!
[FISHMEN gasping, chattering]
[FISHMAN A]
That's... That's...
...Princess Shirahoshi!
They... They really did it!
[FISHMEN gasp]
[FISHMAN A]
They kidnapped the princess!
Hey! What the hell?
Why'd ya get outta
the shark, ya big baby?
I'm ever so sorry, Luffy!
Please don't get mad at me.
I promise, it wasn't my fault!
[crying]
[FISHMAN A]
That monster made her cry!
He's pure evil!
[FISHMAN B]
Oh, how could he?
Poor Princess Shirahoshi!
[SHIRAHOSHI crying]
--Wait.
--[CHOPPER gasps]
Did he just say... Princess?
[CHOPPER]
Please, don't!
No, Sanji!
Fight the urge to look!
Hey.
I need to know; if I turn around
to look behind me...
...am I gonna see
the Mermaid Princess?
[CHOPPER]
I won't lie.
She's behind you and
that's exactly why you can't
turn around!
The sight of an average
Mermaid almost killed you!
[crying]
If you see the Mermaid Princess,
every last drop
of blood in your body
will spray out your nose
like a geyser!
And then you'll be dead!
[SANJI]
The Mermaid Princess.
They say even Boa Hancock,
the most beautiful
woman in the world,
pales in comparison.
She's the most gorgeous
Mermaid who ever lived,
and now she's right behind me.
[CHOPPER]
No, Sanji! I'm begging you!
Don't turn around!
[crying]
[SANJI]
Chopper.
It's true.
I could give up on my
dreams and die a coward
at a ripe old age.
But I'd rather
reach for the stars...
...and die right now!
[CHOPPER]
What?!
But you always told me
your dream was to find
the All Blue!
[CHOPPER]
No!
Sanji!
[SANJI]
Huh?
Th...
That's her.
I never realized how
meager my imagination is.
She's magnificent!
She is quite simply...
...too beautiful for the
mind to comprehend!
He turned to stone!
[SHIRAHOSHI crying]
Princess Shirahoshi!
We've gotta rescue her somehow!
Are you crazy?
These are the same pirates
that overpowered
the entire royal family!
[SHIRAHOSHI crying]
I expected death
by arterial nasal spray.
But this is new.
How do I even treat this?
Wait a sec.
I wonder if his blood donors
have something to do with this.
Help...
Luffy, what should I do?
[crying]
Hey! What happened, huh?
Talk to me, Hachi!
Just tell me what creeps
did this to you!
[HACHI grunts]
What the hell're
you morons doing?
[FISHMAN C]
We caught them!
[FISHMAN D]
We actually did it!
We got the Straw Hats!
Of course!
Guys like us hunt
Sea Kings for a living,
so what are a couple of
wussy pirates gonna do?
Those punks are outta
their league down here!
That's what ya get for
messin' with sea hunters,
you jerks!
And here I thought the
army was our only hope!
Huzzah!
You guys are fishermen!
You realize we're
not fish, don't you?
Hey, I remember this lowlife!
That's right!
You used to be one
of Arlong's goons, huh?
You're safe now,
Princess, we saved you!
[FISHMAN E] I say we turn 'em
over to the Ammo Knights
so they can cut their heads off!
Uh, wait,
it's not what you think!
Please! Luffy's not a bad guy!
Hey, what is that?
There's somethin'
flyin' at us! Look!
[FISHMEN]
Huh?
Really?
You think we're dumb enough
to fall for the oldest trick
in the damn book?
[FISHMEN]
Huh?
What the--?
There really is
something up there!
It looks like coral.
Yeah. But there's someone on it.
[FISHMAN K]
Oh, no. Not good!
It's Vander Decken!
[DECKEN]
I found you, Princess!
I suspect! Ba ho ho ho!
C'mere, sweetie!
Oh, no. Please, not now.
[FISHMAN F] I bet he was in
cahoots with these pirates!
He's turned on his own people!
[FISHMAN G] Run, Princess!
We'll handle this!
Just get out of here!
[DECKEN] Ha! It's time for
an answer, Shirahoshi!
It's either "yes" or death!
[DECKEN] Ba ha ha ha!
If you truly wish to live...
[fanfare plays]
...then you'll marry me!
Wait, are you serious?
You've been throwing
weapons at the castle,
trying to kill her for
ten whole years now,
and you actually think
she's gonna marry you?
You're really twisted,
Vander Decken!
You make me sick!
The Princess has been
forced to live locked up
inside a tower for a
whole decade thanks to
your sick sense of romance!
Now you propose? Monster!
Now, let's hear it!
Although, I do suspect
that it's a yes!
Ba ho ho ho ho!
[laughter continues]
[SHIRAHOSHI]
Uh...
[DECKEN]
Say it! Say yes!
Ba ho ho ho ho!
Ye...
You're just not my type!
[DECKEN]
What?!
No!
[FISHMEN]
Huh?!
That's your only reason?!
[DECKEN grunting]
Ye... You... Ye... You...
You tramp!
Then who is your type, huh?!
After you've led me on
for ten whole years!
If you refuse to love me,
I refuse to let you exist!
Drop dead, my darling!
Run, Princess Shirahoshi, run!
[FISHMAN H]
Hurry!
We'll fend him off
with our lives!
Don't you move, you big baby!
And don't cry!
Haven't you caused
enough trouble?
Stop telling her what
to do, ya jerks!
You're one of Vander
Decken's lackeys, aren't you?
You probably want
the princess to die!
Look, I can't protect
you if you run away!
Okay! I'll stay!
No, Princess!
[DECKEN yells]
[FISHMAN N]
Leave her alone, you scumbag!
[FISHMAN O]
You make me sick, pirate!
Real sorry 'bout this, guys.
It's nothin' personal,
but you're...
...in my way!
Second Gear!
Luffy!
[DECKEN]
Huh... Huh?!
[DECKEN yells]
He did that with
his hands tied up?
[DECKEN] Quit sticking your
butt into my business!
This is between us!
You're the one who kidnapped
her from the tower,
aren't you?
[grunting]
Listen, you jerk!
I'm gonna make sure
you never throw anything
at anyone ever again!
You better hope
you can back that up,
or I'm gonna throw you
both into a shallow grave!
[LUFFY]
Let's see you try!
You let me go! Now!
All right, now Gum-Gum...
...Jet...
[DECKEN yells]
...Hammer!
[FISHMAN Q]
Wait... He just...
He just beat Vander Decken!
[DECKEN grunting]]
It looks like he's still alive.
But now we can catch him!
[LUFFY grunting]
[LUFFY]
Shark! Pull it together!
[SANJI grunts]
Hey, Sanji!
You okay?
[CHOPPER] Well, he turned to
stone a few minutes back,
but he's all smiles now,
and he's conscious.
Okay, that's good to hear.
[SANJI]
The Mermaid Princess.
I-I must have died
and gone to heaven.
My dream came true!
My life is complete!
Once again,
I'm pretty sure your actual
dream was to find the All Blue.
[SHIRAHOSHI whimoering]
Hey! Hurry it up!
Sorry!
But please stop yelling.
It makes it hard
for me to concentrate
when you do.
My heart's racing!
I don't get it.
These people don't like
us for some reason.
We gotta hurry
and get outta here!
Thanks a lot!
Good job! Let's go!
Uh, okay!
What are you doing, Princess?
Why did you untie him?
That evil pirate did this!
He scared her so much
she's brainwashed now!
Sorry for all the trouble!
I'll be back home in time
for dinner, I promise!
[FISHMEN]
Huh?
[LUFFY]
Okay, Shark! Get movin'!
[MEGALO grunts]
[DECKEN grunts]
[FISHMEN yell]
Get back, you peasants!
[chuckling]
Stop them now!
Wadatsumi!
[WADATSUMI yelling]
Oh, hey,
I think I know that dude.
That's the Sea Bonze
who attacked the Sunny!
He works for Decken!
Oh, no, it's the Great Monk!
Oh, crap!
Swat them down
like the insects they are!
You got it, boss!
Now... Second Gear!
[WADATSUMI yelling]
And Gum-Gum...
[yelling continues]
...Jet...
...Pistol!
[WADATSUMI yelling]
[WADATSUMI]
My tooth! He broke it!
[WADATSUMI crying]
Damn worthless giant.
Okay.
Let's get a move on!
To the Sea Forest!
Yeah!
[PIRATE A]
Hey. Hey, Boss!
That pirate girl and her
Mermaid friend just escaped
the Ryugu Palace!
[HORDY]
Who gives a damn?
Once I get rid
of this annoyance,
I'll only have to deal
with a feeble old fool
and his helpless mob.
[chuckling]
Shark Arrows!
Namichin.
Should we have left the
others behind like that?
If anyone else tried to come,
we would've been caught.
Seemed like they
were in trouble, though.
Those guys are fine.
Don't worry, they always make
it out alive somehow.
[CAMIE] Yeah. I mean,
I know they're tough and all.
But there's something
scary about Hordy.
Hatchin said he's strong,
but more than that,
he's cruel and ruthless.
[NAMI]
They can handle it.
They've grown stronger
by leaps and bounds
these past two years.
That aside...
Can you tell me what this former
Warlord, Jimbei, is like?
Huh? Oh. Well...
It's true he's a pirate.
But he's well trusted on the
island and they respect him
enough that he can
visit the palace, too.
Really? That's interesting.
Especially since he was
a part of Arlong's crew,
and now this Hordy guy
is presenting himself
like the second
coming of Arlong.
And, Jimbei made a point
to warn Luffy not to fight him.
And now I'm pretty sure
I know why that is.
Huh?
He was trying to keep
him safe, right?
Just in case,
let's keep our fingers crossed
that Zoro and the others
don't push Hordy too far.
No matter what, though...
I wanna meet this Jimbei guy.
He's waiting for Luffy
at the Sea Forest now, right?
We're a part of this,
whether we like it or not.
The whole kingdom could topple,
but I don't know anything
about the history
behind Hordy and
his pirate crew.
I bet Jimbei could help us
decide how to handle this.
Wait, do you really think so?
Camie.
I need to get to the Sea Forest!
Right!
[NEPTUNE]
Listen up, soldiers!
Sir!
We swear, we'll take care of
Hordy and the rest of his crew
immediately!
[NEPTUNE]
No, you won't!
[FISHMEN SOLDIERS]
Huh?
[NEPTUNE] I'm too weak to
give you my full assistance,
and I can't let you sacrifice
your lives like that.
We shall surrender the
palace for the time being
and meet up with Fukaboshi.
We will fight back
when the time is right!
[FISHMEN SOLDIERS gasp]
You can't mean that, sir!
We can't let the palace
fall to this evil scum!
Damn it, Zoro,
I know you're strong,
but do you really think
you can beat a Fishman
in the water?
I'm so weak.
Usopp.
I know these old bones
aren't the priority,
but I fear
I may soon drown.
How're you gonna drown
when you don't have lungs?
Good point.
[whining]
[HORDY] You're getting
weaker, I can feel it.
You can't hold out
for long, puny human.
[laughing]
[USOPP]
Zoro's gonna pass out soon.
That must be Hordy's plan!
[ZORO]
There's no time!
Zoro!
That swordsman's
as good as dead!
Yeah, well, the moron
challenged a fishman
in the water, so there's
really only one way
that fight can end!
You're pretty resilient,
aren't you?
But now it's time to die.
Your era's at an end!
You miserable,
worthless primate!
Zoro!
Zoro, no!
Captain, no!
[ZORO]
One-Sword Style... Lion Strike!
[NARRATOR] Zoro and companions
try to escape Ryugu Palace.
However, the new
Fishman Pirates,
powered by energy steroids,
drive them into a
corner once more.
Meanwhile, Jimbei reunites
with Luffy in the sea forest,
and while Shirahoshi visits
her mother's grave,
he reveals his
shocking connection
to the Fishman Arlong.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The Straw Hats Defeated?!
Hordy Gains Control
of the Ryugu Palace!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!